[New] `forbid-dom-props`: add `disallowedFor` option (#3338)
jsx-eslint/eslint-plugin-react: docs/rules/forbid-dom-props.md

### `forbid`

An array of strings, with the names of props that are forbidden. The default value of this option `[]`.
Each array element can either be a string with the property name or object specifying the property name, an optional

> custom message, and a DOM nodes blacklist(e.g. `<div />`):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
custom message, and a DOM nodes disallowed list (e.g. `<div />`):
```

```js
{
  "propName": "someProp",

>   "disallowedFor": [DOMNode, AnotherDOMNode],

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  "disallowedFor": ["DOMNode", "AnotherDOMNode"],
```
this should work with non-JS configs :-)
